app.inferkit.com/demo


hi, I was looking for a game called School At night. It is an indie game based on horror, the reviews seemed to be promising. Any help would be greatly appreciated.

Alas, you haven't got the right app; I can assure you that I would be able to provide a more accurate description of School At night, but it doesn't currently exist. It is to be hoped that it does one day, as the premise sounds perfectly suited to virtual reality.

Teachers aren't particularly well-liked in fiction. Whereas, in real life, they are generally immensely qualified and generally genuinely helpful, they tend to come across as a bit of a turd. And they have a reputation for sexually harassing schoolchildren - one could argue, in all fairness, that they do quite a lot of that anyway. In places, like Rochdale, children even have legal protection against their teachers. In our country, it is so common that it is actually considered to be a matter for debate in some quarters. But one would hope that school is exempt from that.

Here is a paragraph from a newspaper article, from the now defunct Daily Mail:

"Last night [22 April, 2002], magistrates heard how Rachel D'Amico, 28, went into Thomas Street School in Stalybridge, Greater Manchester, then went into a classroom with a lass. After she had given her a small amount of classroom-related work, it was suggested they might go and watch a film. The lass, who was 14, refused to go with her 'paedo' and said she was worried he was going to abuse her. The defendant became very aggressive, demanding that the schoolgirl go with her, and police were called. The defendant was banned from the school, pending the outcome of a criminal prosecution."

Every year, apparently, there are dozens of cases like that. I am certainly glad that it is only a matter of time before this becomes a recognised problem.

Moving on. The text at the top of the page reads: "In School At Night, you play as a teacher, who wants to live a long and tranquil life, but your secret urges are starting to get out of control..."

Or is it the other way around? Does the teacher have a secret urge to cause harm to the pupils? In that case, would the pupils really be benefiting from the secret desires of the teacher? Could the morality of the teacher be expected to be closer to the morality of the pupil, then, than the parent or the teacher? Do pupils have a right to confidentiality? If they do, are they entitled to a right to privacy - and if so, are they entitled to prevent their teacher from carrying out an act of revenge? And, if the pupil does not wish to see the teacher punished - or